License - PDFgetN

By downloading PDFgetN software from this Web site, you agree to the
following terms and conditions concerning its use.  If you have any
questions about these license terms, please contact Libraries,
Computing & Technology, Michigan State University - (517)353-0722.

PDFgetN software, both binary and source (hereinafter "Software") is
copyrighted by the Michigan State University Board of Trustees.

Michigan State University grants you, as End User, the non-exclusive,
perpetual, royalty-free right to use the Software.  End User may
distribute the Software to third parties, provided that the MSU
copyright notice and this statement is included with all copies and
that no charge is associated with such distribution.

End User may make derivative works from the Software, If End User
distributes any derivative work based on the Software, then Licensee
will 

(l) Notify Michigan State University [Libraries, Computing &
    Technology 517-353-0722]

(2) Notify users that the derivative work is a modified version of
    PDFgetN and not the original PDFgetN distributed by Michigan State
    University

(3) Acknowledge the work of (P.F.Peterson, M.Gutmann, Th.Proffen, and
    S.J.L.Billinge, PDFgetN: A user-friendly program to extract the
    total scattering structure function and the pair distribution
    function from neutron powder diffraction data, J. Appl. Cryst.,
    33, 1192 (2000))

(4) no fee is associated with the distribution of the derivative work.

End Users wishing to make commercial use of the Software must contact
Libraries, Computing & Technology, Michigan State University, East
Lansing, MI 48824; (517)353-0722 prior to any commercial distribution
to discuss terms.

The Software is provided to End User by MSU on an "as is" basis.  No
user support is provided or implied.

MSU MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED TO END USER OR TO ANY OTHER
PERSON OR ENTITY.  SPECIFICALLY, MSU MAKES NO WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE
SOFTWARE. MSU WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF MSU OR ITS
EMPLOYEES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES,
REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE CLAIM.

This license shall be governed by Michigan law.

MSU is an affirmative action/equal opportunity institution
